[#9358][Docs] update Docker path for bind-mount options (#9829)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/quick-start/create-local-cluster/docker.md

 --daemon=false
```

> As per the above docker run command, the data stored in YugabyteDB is not persistent across container restarts. If you want to make YugabyteDB persist data across restarts then you have to add the volume mount option to the docker run command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding `docker run` command, the data stored in YugabyteDB does not persist across container restarts. To make YugabyteDB persist data across restarts, add a volume mount option to the docker run command.
```

> Before proceeding with that, verify on your local machine that a `~/yb_data` directory exists, and is owned by your user. If not, create it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a `~/yb_data` directory:
```

```sh
$ mkdir ~/yb_data
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run docker with the volume mount option:

```
